Add support for yara classification rules (#68)
CERT-Polska/karton-classifier: README.md

$ karton-classifier
```

## YARA rule classifiers

Since karton-classifier v1.5.0 it's possible to extend the classifier logic using YARA rules.

> You can enable it by passing `--yara-rules` with the path to the directory containing the rules. Each rule **has to** specify the resulting `kind` using the meta section. A working rule looks like this:

Reviewer: I'll clarify my request with a suggestion

```suggestion
You can enable it by passing `--yara-rules` with the path to the directory containing the rules. Each rule **has to** specify the resulting `kind` using the meta section. Other meta-attributes (`platform` and `extension`) are supported but optional. A working rule looks like this:
```

```yar
rule pe_file
{
    meta:
        description = "classifies incoming windows executables"
        kind = "runnable"
        platform = "win32"
        extension = "exe"
    strings:
        $mz = "MZ"
    condition:
        $mz at 0 and uint32(uint32(0x3C)) == 0x4550
}
```

Some caveats to consider:

>   * classifier will report samples classified by both the normal method and the YARA rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Classifier will still process files normally, so in some cases it may report the same file twice.
```

>   * if several YARA rules are matched classifier will report all of them (n matches == n outgoing tasks)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Classifier will report all matching Yara rules (so N matches on a single file will create N tasks)
```

>   * the outgoing task includes the matched rule name in `rule-name` in the task header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The outgoing task includes the matched rule name in `rule-name` in the task header
```

> 

Reviewer: After reading the code:
```suggestion
  * All Yara rules must have a `.yar` extension. All other files in the specified directory are ignored. In particular, `.yara` extension is not supported.
  * Directories are not supported too - all Yara rules must reside directly in the specified directory.
```
